Filter ingress service by label instead of name (#52)
giantswarm/dns-operator-openstack: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Filter IC service by label and not name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Filter `nginx-ingress-controller` service by label and not name.
```
